[docs] Add Using Flipper guide (#19456)
expo/expo: docs/pages/guides/using-flipper.mdx

## Step 1: Run setup doctor

Open the Flipper desktop app and click the **Setup Doctor** button from the bottom left menu.

<ImageSpotlight
  alt="Setup Doctor modal in Flipper."
  src="/static/images/using-flipper/setup-doctor.jpg"
  style={{ maxWidth: 720 }}
/>

If any dependencies are missing, follow the instructions provided by Flipper to install them.

## Step 2: Install expo-dev-client

Since Flipper requires native code, you'll need to create a development build. To set it up, install the `expo-dev-client` library:

<Terminal cmd={['$ npx expo install expo-dev-client']} />

## Step 3: Install expo-community-flipper

The `expo-community-flipper` plugin depends on the `react-native-flipper` library. Run the following command to install both of them:

<Terminal cmd={['$ npx expo install expo-community-flipper react-native-flipper']} />

## Step 4: Add the config plugin

In the **app.json**, add `expo-community-flipper` to the `plugins` array:

```json app.json
{
  "plugins": ["expo-community-flipper"]
}
```

## Step 5: Configure a development build

> 

Author: ```suggestion
```

It offers various features such as a device log viewer, interactive native layout inspector, network inspector, local database inspector, crash reporter and more. You can add more plugins available in the Flipper desktop app.

Debugging your Expo projects with Flipper requires the following:

- An Expo project created with [Development Build](/development/introduction/)
- [`expo-community-flipper` Config Plugin](https://github.com/jakobo/expo-community-flipper)

> **info** The `expo-community-flipper` is based on [Expo's Config plugin](/guides/config-plugins/), which is a system that allows changing Expo config to use native code in your Expo project automatically.

## Prerequisites

Before you get started, make sure you have the following installed on your computer:

- [Flipper desktop app](https://fbflipper.com/)
- [EAS CLI installed](/build/setup/#1-install-the-latest-eas-cli) and [logged in](/build/setup/#2-log-in-to-your-expo-account) to your Expo account

> ## Step 1: Run Setup Doctor in Flipper app

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Step 1: Run setup doctor
```
Pretty sure headers should not be title cased

Open the Flipper desktop app and click the **Setup Doctor** button from the bottom left menu. This is necessary to ensure that all required dependencies are installed correctly on your computer.

<ImageSpotlight
  alt="Setup Doctor modal in Flipper."
  src="/static/images/using-flipper/setup-doctor.jpg"
  style={{ maxWidth: 720 }}
/>

If any required dependency is missing, follow the instructions provided by Flipper in the desktop app to install it.

## Step 2: Install expo-dev-client

Since Flipper integration depends on native code, you'll need to create a Development Build. To set it up, you'll need to install the `expo-dev-client` library in your project:

<Terminal cmd={['$ npx expo install expo-dev-client']} />

## Step 3: Install expo-community-flipper

The `expo-community-flipper` plugin depends on the `react-native-flipper` library. Run the following command to install both of them:

<Terminal cmd={['$ npx expo install expo-community-flipper react-native-flipper']} />

> ## Step 4: Add the Config Plugin

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Step 4: Add the config plugin
```

In the **app.json**, add `expo-community-flipper` to the `plugins` array:

```json app.json
{
  "plugins": ["expo-community-flipper"]
}
```

> ## Step 5: Configure the Development Build

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Step 5: Configure a development build
```

> > **info** If you have already configured EAS and a build profile, you can skip this step. Make sure to run the build command to apply changes from `expo-community-flipper` plugin to your Development Build.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
If people already have this set up, I think they can skip this step themselves. Otherwise, we'd need to add a callout to all these instructions saying "if you already did this, you can skip this step"

> To configure a Development Build for your project, you'll need to set up EAS with a Debug build. To set up EAS, run the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To configure a development build for your project, run the following command:
```

<Terminal cmd={['$ eas build:configure']} />

> It generates **eas.json** in your project and allows setting up a build profile.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command will generate the **eas.json** file in your project, which will contain various build profiles.
```

> The `"development"` build profile in **eas.json** is already created. Add the `android.buildType` property to generate a **.apk** for an Android device or emulator. To test your project on the iOS simulator, add the `ios.simulator` property to the build profile.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Inside the `"development"` build profile in **eas.json**, add the `android.buildType` property to generate a **.apk** for an Android device or emulator. To test your project on the iOS simulator, add the `ios.simulator` property to the build profile.
```

An example of a build profile with the configuration mentioned above is shown below:

```json eas.json
{
  "build": {
    "development": {
      "developmentClient": true,
      "distribution": "internal",
      "android": {
        "buildType": "apk"
      },
      "ios": {
        "simulator": true
      }
    }
  }
}
```

> You can also create a custom build profile to use Flipper integration. For more information, see [Build Profiles](/build/eas-json/#build-profiles).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
I don't think this is necessary

After you have configured the build profile, run the following command to build the project:

<Terminal cmd={['$ eas build --profile development --platform all']} />

> Once the build is complete, you can download it from the build page in the [Expo Dashboard](https://expo.dev/accounts/[account]/projects/[project]/builds) of your account and install it on your device or emulator/simulator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the builds complete, you can download them from [Expo's website](https://expo.dev/accounts/[account]/projects/[project]/builds). From there, you can install them on your devices your emulator/simulator.
```

## Step 6: Run the development server

> Run the following command to trigger the development server:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run the following command to start a development server:
```
